# Naive Bayes Implementation for App Review Classification
This is a Naive Bayes implementation for classifying app reviews as actionable or unactionable.

The training data was generated with ChatGPT. The real data was manually gathered from the Google Play Store, Apple App Store, and Microsoft Store.

The results of running the classifier are as follows...

<b>Overall Accuracy:</b> 62.5%

<b>Number of reviews labeled as actionable:</b> 75

<b>Number of reviews labeled as unactionable:</b> 125

<b>The following 50 reviews are actionable but were labeled incorrectly as unactionable:</b>
- Game is fun, I like collecting and powering up my favorite characters from the webtoon. I've been playing 100% free and it's worth the download. Only reasons for 4/5 are the game can hit stagnation points in progression, and you're inundated with paid offers on the home screen even when you've been just switching menus, also some of these things are insanely expensive. Things in the $30+ range for 20 pulls and a guaranteed 5+ star hero. And that's a moderate microtransaction. Some are $75.
- Overall a good experience for people who like Tower of God, but there are times where the input delay is upwards of 4 or 5 seconds after pressing a button before the game responds. Some examples would be leveling shinsu links, pressing the start button for stages, navigating menus, etc. Unsure if it's related to user volume or optimization issues, but this has easily been the biggest pain point from a user experience perspective. Summon rates could be buffed a little bit too :)
- The game moves too slow, both from screen to screen and while in battle. I find myself wishing it would move along faster. I think that the game would benefit to have a button that you can maybe press and hold to engage 4x speed up of the game to get through slow, monotonous areas where you easily beat levels. It can be very time-consuming and boring to wait to get through what you know you can win. Or maybe just press once to advance to the final outcome.
- I wish the game had more replayable levels to kill time and gain small rewards because when you hit a wall and can't progress there is literally nothing to do if you're stuck. You are forced to go afk and wait for the idle rewards to accumulate. I wish the story was separate, not locked to adventure progress. A mode that is repeatable without waiting for a refresh. I wish the opening video when you first start the game is replayable or rewatchable in the game somewhere. I enjoyed it a lot.
- The game itself is gorgeous, and there's a variety of things to do every day (for daily content). The only gameplay drawback I have encountered is that if you're stuck on a certain level for the adventure mode and chaos trial, there's just about nothing left to do but get off the game and wait until your loot fills up or the daily reset happens. It'd be great to have a replayable stage or something else that can be actively grinded for small rewards so I have a reason to stay on the game.
- Love the game. Only thing is you cannot make it far without paying realworld money to upgrade/obtain vehicles to continue in career mode. They have made some changes and I like them. Please continue the ad powered blueprint option. It works. The game has gotten much better. It still takes a while to progress in career mode. But it's doable. Season pass cars should be of higher class in my opinion. But overall great game.  
- It is a very fun and engaging game with great graphics. The only problem is that you need to spend money to progress in the game faster than normal. I like the free blueprint cards with ads and the one that refills every 4 hours or so. I would love to buy the legend pass but I don't see the need to buy something in a video game. Either way, it is a several notches above any other car game I have played before on mobile.   
- I would go as far as to say this is the best racing game ever. The game feels free unlike other racing games (With touch drive off) because it doesn't make you feel like you're only limited to what section of the road the map includes you can actually bounce off of fences when you land on top of them and interact with the maps elements to win the race. But I wish they added more iconic cars like the Lexus LFA or the original 911
- Excellent game with excellent graphics. I was searching for a good car racing game and then thought to download A9. It's really worth it. The multiplayer is good and other game modes like carrier, events etc are also enjoyable. The maps are well designed but I want gameloft to add a different game mode where we can drive in any map with our unlocked cars, basically like a free roam. Although it's not that important as asphalt 9 is an arcade racing game and the controls are also good and easy.
- I used to be addicted to this game. But anymore the game crashes erratically. I'm unable to pinpoint specific causes, except that collecting prizes at the end of the Regatta seems to consistently cause crashes. This game used to be fun. Now it is more like a job that I keep doing to help my team members. The crashes come faster after every update. It makes me sad.
- The game is fun. I enjoy building my town. But I believe it to be unfair. The amount of storage in the barn is incredibly unreasonable compared to the items required to progress in the game. The train time is ridiculous and doesn't give you enough materials to complete construction of buildings. It's like you don't really have a choice but to spend money. Also, I bought the golden ticket, and after a few days they took the extra barn storage away! I paid for that!
- Great casual game. I love the challenge of organising town, construct buildings, completing people's order, or expanding the land. If you can reduce default the timer of all town work little bit in the next version, I would be pleasant for me. I don't have any issues for the main game. The minigame gets tougher at high level, but I just trying again and again until the algorithm changes where the easy pieces comes in and creating power-ups automatically. I want other minigames.
- Love the game, but someone decided that putting a tutorial speech bubble over the board (which is currently covering the block that I am being told to join with). Please give an option to minimise the tutorial or close the window altogether? I am literally stuck on that screen and have to come out of the game totally to even get back to the main game. Most frustrating!
- I have really enjoyed the game. My 2 suggestions would be the ability to add small houses in addition to the large buildings and more expansions. (I am on level 74). Thank you.
- Love this game. I have been playing it for a year and still enjoy playing it every day. There are plenty of opportunities to use real money, but it's balanced with lots of ways to earn in-game cash within the game itself. There are several different components - building your town, producing goods, and the match-3 game adventures - so there's always something to do. I like the balance between challenging puzzles and tasks, and relatively simple ones, and the co-op option is fun and helpful.
- Good game and i like it very much but i want to tell something that before this I was rating it a 3 star but with new things to craft makes the game very good. I just wanted a favour that please reduce the time for growing crops and building buildings. It takes A LOT OF TIME if you reduce it just by 2 or 3 hours I will be happy.
- I absolutely love this game! The only down part is probably that you have to wait for a while to get some items and buildings. I also wish that you could have a farm/ town with another person, so you can build on the same lot but also have your own farm to build on. I think that would make a BIG! change to this game and everybody would love it! I'LL ALSO LOVE HOW I GET NO ADS! I absolutely love this game and I hope I inspired other people to get it!
- I only started playing it for less than an hour, and I already love it! If I had to describe this game, I would describe it like Hay Day, but also focuses on the town than just a farm. Also there was one bug where I had a task to feed chicken. When I pressed the task, I was able to, but the chicken coop wasn't don't building yet. It's just a minor bug I noticed. Other than that, the game is great!
- I've been playing this game over 5 years now, off and on. I enjoy playing this peaceful game. I've been in 3 co-ops, the last one, almost 2 years now. It seems the people who have reached high levels 100+ have not been playing the game. My reggata has only seen less than 6 players. We used to be in the top 3 and now we come in 17th at best. The prizes are pitiful at best. I wish the co-op leader could step down and let others take control instead of having to start a new one and try to recruit.
- Great game. Great graphics, been playing for almost 8 yes. Only complaint is that within the past year or so, you almost need to spend money to stay competitive. It wasn't like that before.
- It's a very interesting game..... Earlier there was that restaurant as part of the town, now it's missing, can you add that which was mind blowing,.. Now they have added a new event culinary adventure it was very interesting. I love that part in this game
- I love this game so so much.. I play it every day... one thing that just gets to me sometimes is that you have to wait for a house or a building to finish. And the constant need to update is a headache for real. 
- Once you reached the point of completing all the community buildings, other apartments, condos and houses. Gotten all 200 zoo animals, What is next??? I have been here playing this game for about 6 years and counting. But it is time for some new additions to the game. And what are the requirements of the walk of fame???
- It keeps me entertained. My only issue is I don't like how during the mini games, when you win it goes back to the map which takes a while to load instead of going to the next level. This matters when you have timed bonus. It takes sometimes an entire minute to load the map. If you win 5 levels thats at least 5 minutes taken from your 15 minute bonus. Otherwise the game is decent.
- This game is awesome a bit like Family Farm I wish it had more activities to win for land and space in the Farm shed. This game is more expensive each week to play Because I'm on a budget I can buy enough each week. So please give more activities to play so it will make cheaper to buy extensions on the land and buy for machine's. And updates for every machine's. I enjoy playing this game.
- I love the game and have recommended it to others. You can make your town as unique as you like, have friends and family play along. The only downside I have is when Christmas comes up, I would love to decorate my town with Christmas decorations, so please consider my thoughts.
- Yes this game is superb I agree with and I gave also 5 star. But I have one request to minimize the harvesting time, it takes 8hr that's awkward moment. And after completing one session we have only less rupees. thats aslo bad thing give some more money . special request.
- I'm beginning to have a problem with the game. It is suddenly begin to cut off on me in the middle of me trying to play it. Sometimes I have to re-collect the daily reward. It is becoming extremely annoying. Tell me if there is a glitch in the game and how I can fix it, please.
- This game is very amazing. I enjoy good time with this game but by mistake. I delete this this game then I download it again but my all factories, community building are disappear I can make products in them but I can't see them they are working but can't see my factories and community building Plz fix it
- it's a nice different kind of game. highly re commend for all ages. wish I can put on my TV to play.
- It is nice game. But at first few levels you may feel boring but when it comes to higher level it is interesting. I have a request to the developer's please reduce the waiting time of egg and milk production and also products and make more easy ways to earn cash.
- Dear developers, i ve been playing for 4 years and always love this game, im just asking if only the game have a feature option to disabling animation on game. This will so helpful for limiting background process on phone and could help entry and mid range phone users to experience more smooth gameplay and avoid overheating when using on long perido of time, wish the best for team.
- Terrible. I've been playing this game for a long time and I really enjoyed it, but something changed recently. I've started noticing that after the last update, there have been alot of glitches that prevent you from winning a level. For example, I'm currently on level 11,366 (yes, I've been playing that long). I needed to clear one square to reveal a garden gnome and complete the level. I hit that square 6 times and it never removed the grass to reveal the gnome.
- I've been playing this game many years and i love it. But got a problem, i purchase coins from safe two times but never get the coins and my account is charged. I try many thing for refund, help center etc. I don't know what to do anymore, please help.
- My issues with Disney+ was that my account got hacked, the password was changed and I changed it again after realizing it was hacked. However, THE EMAIL WAS CHANGED TOO! WITHOUT ME EVEN KNOWING! How that was possible, I don't know. After calling customer service and being on the phone the first time, we changed the email and password, only to find out by the first not helpful representative, that they don't give the option to sign everyone out even though you are the administrator of the account, so changing everything was pointless. He basically states that the people who hacked the account will still have access even though I changed all of the login information. I was ready to quit the whole Disney+ until I called customer service again the following day and spoke to Shay, her kindness and helpfulness convinced me to stay with Disney+. She revoked the account immediately and then helped me make a new account. One thing that should be added is better security. For someone to take over my account so easily and change the email and password was a horrible experience. Another thing that should be added is being able to log everyone out as an administrator of the account. The app is decent because of the shows it offers, I do not encounter any buffering and so on; however, the security and privacy isn't that great
- We have just about every streaming app you can think of, and as much as I want this one to be my favorite, it's definitely the worst and the most unreliable. We use Disney+ every single day since we have Little's that NEED to watch Encanto on a constant loop, however myself and my husband are huge Marvel fans so we use it just as much as the kids do. My kids lost the remote to our TV last week, and I have stripped this house bare trying to find it and can't. So we have been relying on screen mirroring and casting. Disney+ is the only app that we have that refuses to work. When we did have our TV remote and could use Disney+ it would ALWAYS (about every 30 minutes) kick us out and tell us our internet was working. So we would just exit the app and go back in and it would be fine. We just moved into a new home and I was hoping the connection with the app would be better. Nope. It still times out about every 30 minutes and tells us there no internet connection when everything else in our house is working just fine. Basically when this happens you would have to exit the app, then return and if MIGHT start to work. The only reason I haven't deleted this app already is because my daughter HAS to watch Mickey Mouse Clubhouse.
- When are we gonna get auto scroll? The only thing that would make the app worth it over just using your browser.
- I downloaded this app but the app is not opening.
- iyt installed on my microsoft pro out of no where! without any permission! and I cannot uninstall it either!!!...
- You cannot upload from this app. It directs you to the website in your browser. There you have none of the tools on TikTok that you have on the mobile, but you can schedule a video only from website. This mix and match is ridiculous
- I like to post videos and Stream on there with my PC I do hope in the app will come to Play Station 5 and Xbox so I can Stream game from there the easy way so you don't have to do so many work arounds to do it all from a pc is bad performance with the hole code and lag.
- This is not a windows native app. Whenever I open this app lot of Microsoft edge webview tasks running in the background. waste of memory. just use the LinkedIn website
- The app wont let me sign in with the browser
- Worked for about two minutes then gave me a blank off-white screen and would never recover. I only installed the app because the web version causes my computer to run so slowly I can't stand it anymore. Clearly something is wrong, most likely in the LI infrastructure. I'm accessing from Portugal if that makes any difference.
- I've always had an issue with this game, between the constant 'Hey buy this!' Shoved in your face, and then the issues with finding something to do most of the time. I don't normally mind a story grind, but the least you can do is have an autobattle to just go through the story until you can't anymore. This game is cutesy, lots of fun, until it becomes a grind and a drag in turn.
- I love this game. It has beautiful character designs, aesthetically pleasing voicelines for characters, and really nice battling. But my main issue is that it crashes A LOT. Especially on ios devices. I've been experiencing the crashes since last year, to come back to the game just for it to crash again. I can't do anything in the game without it crashing.
- I love this game so much! I never run out of things to do, and it's so fun to get new characters and progress in the story! My only complaints would be that the game crashes when switching to things like the guild, arena, bounties or world exploration. It may be my specific phone, but it's irritating when it crashes, especially since the loading screen takes a bit to load. Otherwise great game! Very tempting/easy to spend money on, so be careful of that
- I thoroughly enjoyed the game's art, which was visually stunning and immersive. The attention to detail in the graphics was impressive, and it added to the overall enjoyment of the game. The story was captivating and kept me engaged throughout my gameplay. The voice over work was top-notch, with talented actors bringing the characters to life.However, I was disappointed by the false advertisement that initially attracted me to the game. It led to a sense of letdown and made me question the game
- I played this game for years, love it as a stress relief, and at level 1854, so I play a bit. I've noticed lately more ads and much longer ones. Worse part, they are the same over and over. I've been looking, but I can't find an ad free version. I'm willing to pay, but the ads are adding stress to my stress reducing game.
- I've played to level 224. The line showing where the balls should go is not accurate. I've tested it again and again. I have to adjust for the inaccuracies. In the end, I'll look for another similar game that's accurate. Bubble Witch is accurate, as an example. That means whoever created this app has failed at an essential component to a tracking line.

<b>The following 25 reviews are unactionable but were labeled incorrectly as actionable:</b>
- Love this game! No need to spend money if you don't want too and don't have to have friends to keep giving you lives for the main game. You can play this non stop pretty much and will keep making things and growing crops while you sleep. Races against friends and can set up your own Co-Op with 30 members after stage 19.
- Great game and no ads!!! A great time waster. Play at your own speed. If you're patient, things advance nicely. You don't need to spend actual money to advance in the game; it just takes longer. Side puzzles are fun as well.
- Great game with good design and cute graphics. Spending is an option, but not required so far. No ads. Very entertaining.
- As an 'orginal farm game' player fanatic including many years later the mobile app, this game is amazing. You can actually play the game without being bothered with ads and being asked constantly to spend 'real' money.
- Can't stop playing! The farm animals get fed relatively quickly, and the train is amazing at getting you the otherwise hard to get build materials.
- It's a fun game, and you're not watching adds every 30 seconds. This is one of the few games you're not constantly having to watch ads
- It was the best game ever downloaded at first it is not so interesting but later when l leveled up found it so intersting and I feel no problem with it. I love this game. For me it deserve five star
- I dont typically review games. But if you want a game that you can get on and play for awhile straight or just get on for a few minutes this is great! I'm a hairstylist and i'm always sttuggling to find a simple game I can play during small breaks and long breaks but never have to switch my game. And this one is it. They give you so many power ups and I think almost every time I get on I have an hour of unlimited lives! Just dowload it! Oh and did I mention NO ANNOYING ADS!
- Even with the ads, it's not so bad. I like different ball options. The levels don't feel redundant either. Will continue to play since it's a good easy game.
- Fun way to pass the time when you're relaxing. Not that many ads.
- Downloaded this to get points on another one. I like this version of this type of game. I just installed it and I'm on level like 30 or something. Smooth & fast compared to other versions. There's a cursor at the bottom for more precise shoots. Graphics r nice, sounds are cool. No ads, so far, unless you watch for points/gems. I'd recommend this one.
- It is very nice to look at not many annoying adds that interrupt game play and it's very satisfying.
- Very good time waster with few ads.
- Amazing! Not only is it fun, they do adds right!!! Most phone games nowadays have so many ads that there is a way more ad time than there is game time which makes most people uninstall after a while. There are ads, but it's just the occasional ones on the way top of your screen so you don't accidentally click one! And barely see them! Bravo!!!
- This game is seriously so much fun. The ads sty at the top and do not interfere with the game! There's also none of those annoying ads in between levels! Honestly, download it. You won't regret it. I really love that the colors change as you get the blocks hit. Great work y'all!
- This game is FUN. I love the fact there are no ads unless you choose to get power ups.
- Best ever with WiFi ads gives u point's
- This game is magnificent, awesome. I have been playing for 3 yrs now and no issues. You can also make real friends from the association group
- Good game Good strategy good looking thank you all Nice game
- Great game indeed. The BEST managerial platform out there. No doubt.
- I honestly think this is the best game of its type that I've tried. Unlike some of the other games of its kind, I still feel like I'm making progress and can earn gems (the game's premium currency) to unlock things, even if I don't play every day or that often when I do at times. The dragons are cute and have interesting designs, and there's plenty to collect! Ads are still a thing, of course, but being able to still progress without having to purchase things makes it more than managable!
- Really fun! I love the attention to detail in every aspect of this game. Devs are responsive to feedback. I'm progressing nicely - not too fast or slow - sometimes grindy, but that's expected. Got to level 25 & still fun. There's lots that keeps this fresh. I don't feel the ads/$ is burdensome. Made some purchases when I want to rush things, but it's not necessary to pay to progress. Really enjoying this world, thank you! To new players, def recommend checking out the Discord sooner vs later.
- I haven't gotten hooked on a mobile game for a couple years it feels like. Not sure why but Botworld has definitely changed that. I can't stop! It has just enough loot grinding to make me want to keep playing but not so much that it's tedious. There's a ton of strategy in how you use your bots so it'll keep you trying to improve. And There's an auto battle mode so you can still progress in this time when you can't really focus 100%, like when you should be working ;)
- An absolute gem of a game! Gameplay is fun, doesn't drag on, the mechanics are easy to understand but not to simple to be boring, and everything is just so cute! The ads are all optional but best believe I'll be watching them to help support the game! There aren't a lot of bots, but that makes each of them special and recognizable! I'd definitely recommend this game!
- Tons of content! The whole game is free to play, but there is a season pass system that requires buy-in for extra rewards. Nevertheless, there are still plenty of choices for team building, even for free players. There are a multitude of energy systems here, but there is always something to do. Combat is deep but not too complicated. Plus, very cute animals.
